Give you everything you want
Give everything
Mr. Wang
As long as you help me enter the third day of the month
I can not only help you drive away An Tong
Let you have no worries
Hahaha, I see.
Do you want to join forces with Xu Zeyu to use
Drive An Tong away
Then join forces to drive me away too
How come?
From beginning to end, my only enemy was An Tong
He's gone now.
You and Xu Zeyu are better off in the company
I have one less enemy
Not everybody's happy about this.
The best of both worlds?
You have done so much for that kid Xu Zeyu
Was it worth it?
From start to finish
I just want to win An Tong
Over the years
I don't even have a decent job.
Become what it is today
It's all thanks to him
I won't let him go.
An Tong's enemy is my friend
Maybe I like it
Don't worry, as long as you drive away An Tong
I will definitely not treat you badly.
Mr. Wang
Just wait and see
Believe it won't be long
The company will call you
General Manager Wang